Projects are the most important functional part of the system. The user creates a Project to work with, and then loads 
all the data on the Project itself plus the associated modules that were activated for it. As time goes by, data can be
added or modified.

The owner and users with appropriate permissions can give specific rights to the users they want on a specific Project, 
like roles or just individual rights for them to access it, see its content and maybe modify it.


[emph]Associated modules[/emph]

The Project module has another associated modules that are part of it as a group. Those associations are defined in  
Module tab, which can be seen when editing the Project itself. 
The modules that come with the original release of the system and can be associated will be called Project-modules (in 
contrast to Global modules at the top right links of the site) and they are Filemanager, Gantt, Note, Statistic, Todo,
Helpdesk and Minutes. 
Additional Project-modules can be defined using the Module designer inside Administration module.

Those Project-modules can be accessed from:

1 - The root Project

You click on the logo and the Project module opens, listing all the main Projects in the grid. Those are the Projects 
associated to the root of the system: the 'Root' Project. You will see all the Project-modules in the center upper tab
bar over the grid, if you enter any of them you will see items of those modules that are not associated to any project
but the 'Root' one. Actually when they don't belong to any specific Project, they belong to 'PHProjekt' that is the root
one, the one that is the parent of all the rest. If you want to see the main information of the Project you can click it 
in the grid and its main tabs get open in the Form down. But if you want to see the items of the general modules that
are directly associated to that Project, you have to access that Project from the tree, as explained in the next point 
here.

2 - The Projects Tree

The tree panel at the left permits accessing to the Projects and Subprojects in a full way, it means that the main tab 
bar will show the Basic Data tab plus the modules associated to the Project, if you enter them from that link you will 
see all the items of those modules that are exclusively associated to that Project (or Subproject) clicked in the tree.

