The grid is formed by three parts: Header, Items rows and Actions bar.


[emph]Header[/emph] row with the titles of the columns.
  
Width

The columns width is automatically set according to the content type of each column and its defined maximum length.
Anyway, most of the columns can get its width adjusted taking the mouse to the border line between two column headers 
and clicking and dragging it left or right.


Order of listing

The order of the items in the listing can be modified and make it depend on one particular column, clicking on
the column. When a column header is clicked, a triangle facing up will be shown at the top right of the column header,
and the listing will get arranged according to the content of that column for each row (A to Z). If you click it again,
the order criteria will remain but will get the opposite direction (Z to A).


[emph]Items rows[/emph]

Here is where the items of the module are listed.

First column: checkbox
You can check one or more rows, and then perform a specific action on them like Delete, Export or maybe another 
module-specific one selecting the action in the Actions select box behind the item listing.

Second column: pencil
Click the pencil of any row to open that item in the form, behind the grid, to see it in detail and/or edit it,
according your permissions.

Rest of the columns: data content
The rest of the columns show the info titled in the header of the column, for each item, like Id, Title, Start Date, 
etc.

Last column/s (optional): extra actions for this specific module
The last column/s of each row may have special icons for specific actions on that row defined by the module: it may be
'delete', 'send an email' or whatever.
   

[emph]Actions bar[/emph]

Check all / Uncheck all:
These links check or uncheck all rows, then you can select an action to carry out on them in the Actions select box.

Actions select box:
Here you choose an action to perform with the checked rows.
Common actions:
   Delete - Deletes selected rows.
   Export - Creates a spreadsheet CSV file with the selected items and allows you to download it.
Special actions:
   Each module may define extra actions.
   