When you press Day tab, Day view is activated and Self is the default mode for it. Then you press Selection tab and
enter Selection mode.

Day view provides two specific tabs at the right of the tab upper bar: Self and Selection.
Self represents the Day view for the logged user and Selection allows you to view the Day schedule of a specific 
selection of users, maybe one or more, that will be seen simultaneously in the same view so that you can compare the
activities and occupied / free time of them.

Here it will be explained the Selection mode of Day view, for Self mode go to 'Views - Day Self' section of this
help.


All the calendar based views (Day, Week and Month) have a schedule bar over the listing to change the current shown 
period, also it can be changed using the scroll wheel. This is explained in the Introduction section of Calendar help.


[emph]How to use it[/emph]

1 - Click on Day tab if it is not the active one
2 - Click on Selection right tab (no matter if it is already the active one)
3 - A pop-up dialog will appear. It asks you to select what users to show in the listing, click on any of them. If you
    want to select more than one hold CTRL keyboard key while you click on other users.
4 - Press Done. The dialog will close and the view will list day schedule for the selected users.


[emph]Characteristics[/emph]

This Day view is a schedule for the selected day formed by 24 rows that represent half an hour each one.
The listing width will get divided into the amount of users selected. Each user will have a column, the header of each
column will show the user name.
For each user it will show each event as a rectangle occupying an amount of rows proportional to its length in time.
Inside the rectangle it will be shown the length of it; if it starts and ends on the selected day just the times will 
be shown, if not, also the dates. Then the title and the note if any. 


[emph]Multiple events[/emph]

The view provides support for simultaneous events, in that case each event will occupy just a part of the user section
width sharing it with the other event/s, so that the view keeps graphical clarity.   
