[emph]Permissions[/emph]

There is no Access tab in this module, instead, it is used this Participants tab that allows adding participants to the
event. The owner (creator) of the event as Admin access, and the participants Write access just to their events, the 
rest of the participants and the owner won't see their changes.
This tab is only seen by the owner of the opened event.


[emph]Scope of each event and participants[/emph]

When it is created an event with many participants, as many events as participants are created internally although
each user only sees one. This behavior has a purpose: each participant has a unique event and he/she can modify its
content, maybe add a note, and even delete it without affecting other participants and owner's content.
When a participant modifies an event, those changes only affect his/her event, nobody else will see them.
When an owner modifies an event, those changes may be applied to his/her event or also to all participants, the system
will eventually ask it. 


[emph]Layout[/emph]

The tab has a select box and an Add button at its right side. You select a user, click the button and it will be added 
as a participant under the select box the name of the user and a cross button that permits you to take it out.
This way you are adding participants to the event so that they will see it in their views of Calendar module, and will
receive a Notification if the checkbox of Notification tab is checked to send it.


[emph]Pop-up Dialog: To whom will this apply[/emph]

When the owner (creator) of an event that has participants in this tab modifies the content of any tab of the event, a 
pop-up dialog will appear when he/she presses Save button. That dialog asks what events will these modifications apply 
to. Available buttons to answer are:
Edit just for me => changes will affect just owner event, participants won't see them.
Edit for all participants => changes will be applied to events of all participants. 

This dialog may be combined with the recurrence one (see 'Recurrence tab' help). If both dialogs appear asking you how 
to save the event, the results may be the following, according to your answers:

1 - First answer: Edit just this occurrence - Second answer: Edit just for me
The changes will apply to this occurrence of the whole series, and just for logged user. The rest of the dates and
participants won't be affected.

2 - First answer: Edit just this occurrence - Second answer: Edit for all participants
The changes will apply just to this occurrence of the whole series, but for logged user and all participants.

3 - First answer: Edit all occurrences - Second answer: Edit just for me
The changes will apply to the whole series of events but just for logged user. The rest of participants won't be 
affected.

4 - First answer: Edit all occurrences - Second answer: Edit for all participants
The changes will apply to the whole series of events and for logged user and all participants. This is the maximum
possible scope for the changes.


[emph]Pop-up Dialog: Delete for Who[/emph]

When the owner (creator) of an event that has participants in this tab tries to delete it, a pop-up dialog will appear 
when he/she presses Delete button. That dialog asks what events will this deletion apply to. Available buttons to answer
are:
Delete just for me => deletion will affect just owner event, participants will remain.
Delete for all participants => deletion will be applied to events of all participants. 

This dialog may be combined with the recurrence one (see 'Recurrence tab' help). If both dialogs appear asking you how 
to delete the event, the results may be the following, according to your answers:

1 - First answer: Delete just this occurrence - Second answer: Delete just for me
The deletion will apply to this occurrence of the whole series, and just for logged user. The rest of the dates and
participants won't be affected.

2 - First answer: Delete just this occurrence - Second answer: Delete for all participants
The deletion will apply just to this occurrence of the whole series, but for logged user and all participants.

3 - First answer: Delete all occurrences - Second answer: Delete just for me
The deletion will apply to the whole series of events but just for logged user. The rest of participants won't be 
affected.

4 - First answer: Delete all occurrences - Second answer: Delete for all participants
The deletion will apply to the whole series of events and for logged user and all participants. This is the maximum
possible scope for the deletion.
