Recurrence tab allows setting a recurrence to the events so that the same event is repeated later one or more times, 
according to a user defined pattern.
The resulting series of events may be later edited individually or all at once, and they will be connected as an 
individual series of recurrent events.
When you press Save all the parameters defined inside this tab are sent to the server and this last one calculates and 
creates the appropriate events.

This tab is able to be modified only by the owner of the opened event. The rest of participants, if any, will just be
able to read its contents.
It has 4 fields to specify recurrence parameters. The combination of all of them will determine the final result:

[emph]Repeats[/emph]

Select: here you can choose the recurrence frequency. Possible options are None, Daily, Weekly, Monthly and Yearly.


[emph]Interval[/emph]

Text: here you write a number for the interval to be applied to 'Repeats' field content. Default value is '1'.
E.g.: Repeats Daily, Interval 1 will make the event to happen everyday, with Interval 2 will make it happen every other
day.


[emph]Until[/emph]

The day the event will stop being repeated. This day will be included in the series.


[emph]Week days[/emph]

If you choose Weekly or Monthly in Repeats field, here you can choose a day of the week when you want the event to 
happen.
E.g.:
If today is 5 of October Monday and you create an event that starts and ends today and select Weekly in Repeats, 1 in 
Interval, 2009-10-25 in Until and Tuesday in Week day, the following events will be created.
1 - Tuesday 6 of October
2 - Tuesday 13 of October
3 - Tuesday 20 of October


[emph]Pop-up Dialog: Edit repeating events[/emph]

When a user tries to modify an event that is part of a series and presses Save a pop-up dialog will appear. That dialog 
asks what events will these modifications apply to. Available buttons to answer are:
Edit just this occurrence => changes will affect just this event, the rest of the series will remain the same.
Edit all occurrences => changes will be applied to each event of the series.

This dialog may be combined with the participants one (see 'Participants tab' help). If both dialogs appear asking you 
how to save the event, the results may be the following:

1 - First answer: Edit just this occurrence - Second answer: Edit just for me
The changes will apply to this occurrence of the whole series, and just for logged user. The rest of the dates and
participants won't be affected.

2 - First answer: Edit just this occurrence - Second answer: Edit for all participants
The changes will apply just to this occurrence of the whole series, but for logged user and all participants.

3 - First answer: Edit all occurrences - Second answer: Edit just for me
The changes will apply to the whole series of events but just for logged user. The rest of participants won't be 
affected.

4 - First answer: Edit all occurrences - Second answer: Edit for all participants
The changes will apply to the whole series of events and for logged user and all participants. This is the maximum
possible scope for the changes.


[emph]Pop-up Dialog: Delete for Who[/emph]

When a user tries to delete an event that is part of a series (pressing Delete) a pop-up dialog will appear. That dialog 
asks what events will this deletion apply to. Available buttons to answer are:
Delete just this occurrence => deletion will affect just this event, the rest of the series will remain the same.
Delete all occurrences => deletion will be applied to each event of the series.

This dialog may be combined with the participants one (see 'Participants tab' help). If both dialogs appear asking you 
how to delete the event, the results may be the following, according to your answers:

1 - First answer: Delete just this occurrence - Second answer: Delete just for me
The deletion will apply to this occurrence of the whole series, and just for logged user. The rest of the dates and
participants won't be affected.

2 - First answer: Delete just this occurrence - Second answer: Delete for all participants
The deletion will apply just to this occurrence of the whole series, but for logged user and all participants.

3 - First answer: Delete all occurrences - Second answer: Delete just for me
The deletion will apply to the whole series of events but just for logged user. The rest of participants won't be 
affected.

4 - First answer: Delete all occurrences - Second answer: Delete for all participants
The deletion will apply to the whole series of events and for logged user and all participants. This is the maximum
possible scope for the deletion.
