The middle top white module bar has a series of tabs like "Project", "Gantt", "Statistic", etc. according to the
selected Project: maybe the Root one or a Tree one. Those modules are directly associated to a Project, if the
selected Project has associated modules (Project -> Module tab in the form), then, they will be seen there at the right 
of Basic Data tab when that Project has been selected in the Tree, or even the 'Root' Project (PHProjekt) when it is 
selected clicking on the logo.
All the items of these Project-modules are children of its parent Projects.


They are not always visible and not always the same ones; in order to see them, a Project has to be selected: maybe 
clicking on the top left logo to select the Root Project or clicking on a Project of the tree to select a specific
Project, or even after searching for an item or entering an absolute item URL in the address bar, etc.

For example, clicking on the logo will activate Root Project and show in the top white bar all the Project-modules:
Project, Gantt, Statistic, Todo, Note, Filemanager, Minute and Helpdesk.

As it was previously said, the amount of Project modules shown depends on the selected Project because it defines its 
own associated modules. Also, they depend on the rights of logged user for the selected Project.

Just click on one of that modules and its content will be filled in the Grid and Form panels, the module may join both 
panels into one, depending on its content. Then, you are ready to work on the module. 


[emph]Structure and Group Concept[/emph]

The fact of being each Project child of another Project (a common or the Root one), and being able to set specific 
accesses and roles for each user on each Project, make them work as a group, because, it can be picked a group of users 
and give them Read and other access types to a couple of Projects, and those Projects will be the only visible ones in 
the Tree for those users, and all the Project-module items associated to them and its children will also just be seem by 
them.
The Roles for a Project are inherited by its children Projects, if no Roles are defined for a Project, then it inherits
the parent Project ones.

For more info about permissions read 'Permissions' part of this Project Help.
