[emph]Access tab[/emph]

There is an Access tab in all Project modules.
There, the individual rights for Project item are defined.
The rights are: Read, Write, Access, Create, Copy, Delete, Download, Admin and None.
The users that have access to this tab for a specific item, like the owner (creator) of it, can assign these rights to 
other users for this item.

The users that appear in that tab for assign rights to, are all but the logged one who is seeing the tab. 
The aim of that tab is to select what users you want to give access to the item and what kind of access. For example,
you create an item and choose some users to give them 'Read' access and if you want you can choose another user and give
him/her 'Write' access.

The different permissions are:
  Read: see the item.
  Write: modify the item.
  Access: pass through the item (e.g.: see the sub projects but not to see the project itself).
  Create: create sub items.
  Copy: copy the item to create other one.
  Delete: delete the item.
  Download: download files (for example in the Filemanager module).
  Admin: allows to do all, including editing the access of the item.
  None: the user can't even see the item.

Note: the owner (creator) of the item has by default all the permissions.


[emph]Role tab[/emph]

Each Project has a Role tab, visible for the owner and those users with specific rights.
There you can assign Roles to users. Each Role is a series of permissions for each module. For example, a specific Role 
can give Admin access to Todo module and just Read access for Helpdesk module. It means that if a user has that Role
assigned for a Project, then he/she will be able to do everything with the Todo items that have that Project as parent 
but will just be able to see, and not modify Helpdesk items that also have that Project as parent. 

Notes:
- Each Role scope is defined by Admin users in Administration module.
- Important: when a Project doesn't have any Roles defined, then it inherits its parent Roles.
- Roles don't affect top right linked Global modules like Calendar, Contact, etc.


[emph]Important[/emph]

The final permission for a user on a item will be given by the conjunction of the Role (if it is a Project item) or the
Role of the parent Project, plus the defined Access tab rights for that user and item.

See 'Permissions Example' part of this help to get it clearer.

